minecraft:black_wool 141519ff
minecraft:exposed_cut_copper 9a7965ff
minecraft:light_blue_concrete 2389c6ff
minecraft:nether_bricks 2c151aff
minecraft:magenta_wool bd44b3ff
minecraft:dead_bubble_coral_block 837b77ff
minecraft:raw_copper_block 9a694fff
minecraft:green_concrete 495b24ff
minecraft:netherrack 612626ff
minecraft:deepslate_iron_ore 6a635eff
minecraft:end_stone dbde9eff
minecraft:calcite dfe0dcff
minecraft:pink_wool ed8dacff
minecraft:weathered_copper 6c996eff
minecraft:blue_ice 74a7fdff
minecraft:brown_concrete 603b1fff
minecraft:gold_block f6d03dff
minecraft:gold_ore 91856aff
minecraft:raw_iron_block a6876bff
minecraft:orange_wool f07613ff
minecraft:red_nether_bricks 450709ff
minecraft:lapis_block 1e438cff
minecraft:glowstone ab8354ff
minecraft:purple_terracotta 764656ff
minecraft:purple_wool 792aacff
minecraft:chiseled_stone_bricks 777677ff
minecraft:polished_andesite 848685ff
minecraft:diorite bcbcbcff
minecraft:coarse_dirt 77553bff
minecraft:black_concrete 80a0fff
minecraft:diamond_block 62ede4ff
minecraft:polished_blackstone_bricks 302a31ff
minecraft:warped_wart_block 167779ff
minecraft:deepslate_bricks 464647ff
minecraft:acacia_planks a85a32ff
minecraft:emerald_ore 6c8873ff
minecraft:polished_diorite c0c1c2ff
minecraft:deepslate_tiles 363637ff
minecraft:structure_block 584a5aff
minecraft:black_terracotta 251610ff
minecraft:red_terracotta 8f3d2eff
minecraft:magenta_concrete a9309fff
minecraft:white_terracotta d1b2a1ff
minecraft:iron_block dcdcdcff
minecraft:mangrove_planks 753630ff
minecraft:exposed_copper a17d67ff
minecraft:pink_concrete d5658eff
minecraft:blue_concrete 2c2e8fff
minecraft:dirt 866043ff
minecraft:light_blue_wool 3aafd9ff
minecraft:crying_obsidian 200a3cff
minecraft:soul_sand 513e32ff
minecraft:sculk c1d24ff
minecraft:polished_blackstone 353038ff
minecraft:terracotta 985e43ff
minecraft:gilded_blackstone 372a26ff
minecraft:copper_block c06b4fff
minecraft:dark_prismarine 335b4bff
minecraft:white_concrete cfd5d6ff
minecraft:oxidized_cut_copper 4f997eff
minecraft:polished_granite 9a6a59ff
minecraft:green_terracotta 4c532aff
minecraft:lapis_ore 6b758dff
minecraft:magenta_terracotta 95586cff
minecraft:warped_planks 2b6863ff
minecraft:cobblestone 7f7f7fff
minecraft:brown_terracotta 4d3323ff
minecraft:nether_gold_ore 73362aff
minecraft:mud_bricks 89674fff
minecraft:coal_block 100f0fff
minecraft:brown_wool 724728ff
minecraft:tuff 6c6d66ff
minecraft:cracked_stone_bricks 767576ff
minecraft:redstone_lamp 5f361eff
minecraft:deepslate_redstone_ore 68494aff
minecraft:bricks 966153ff
minecraft:bedrock 555555ff
minecraft:redstone_block af1805ff
minecraft:cyan_wool 158991ff
minecraft:cyan_concrete 157788ff
minecraft:magma_block 8e3f1fff
minecraft:cut_copper bf6a50ff
minecraft:smooth_basalt 48484eff
minecraft:chiseled_nether_bricks 2f171cff
minecraft:diamond_ore 798d8cff
minecraft:coal_ore 696969ff
minecraft:oxidized_copper 52a284ff
minecraft:orange_terracotta a15325ff
minecraft:stone 7d7d7dff
minecraft:honeycomb_block e5941dff
minecraft:cracked_deepslate_bricks 404041ff
minecraft:smooth_stone 9e9e9eff
minecraft:prismarine 639c97ff
minecraft:polished_deepslate 484849ff
minecraft:netherite_block 423d3fff
minecraft:raw_gold_block dda92eff
minecraft:gray_wool 3e4447ff
minecraft:end_stone_bricks dae0a2ff
minecraft:andesite 888888ff
minecraft:light_gray_terracotta 876a61ff
minecraft:oak_planks a2824eff
minecraft:mossy_cobblestone 6e765eff
minecraft:packed_mud 8e6a4fff
minecraft:nether_quartz_ore 75413eff
minecraft:pink_terracotta a14e4eff
minecraft:purpur_block a97da9ff
minecraft:mud 3c393cff
minecraft:white_wool e9ececff
minecraft:sea_lantern acc7beff
minecraft:wet_sponge abb546ff
minecraft:smooth_sandstone dfd6aaff
minecraft:green_wool 546d1bff
minecraft:red_wool a02722ff
minecraft:clay a0a6b3ff
minecraft:blue_wool 35399dff
minecraft:cracked_deepslate_tiles 343434ff
minecraft:copper_ore 7c7d78ff
minecraft:redstone_ore 8c6d6dff
minecraft:cracked_nether_bricks 281417ff
minecraft:yellow_terracotta ba8523ff
minecraft:chiseled_deepslate 363636ff
minecraft:soul_soil 4b392eff
minecraft:iron_ore 88817aff
minecraft:deepslate_diamond_ore 536a6aff
minecraft:yellow_concrete f0af15ff
minecraft:lime_terracotta 677534ff
minecraft:deepslate_copper_ore 5c5d59ff
minecraft:dead_fire_coral_block 837b77ff
minecraft:light_gray_wool 8e8e86ff
minecraft:jungle_planks a07350ff
minecraft:cracked_polished_blackstone_bricks 2c252bff
minecraft:smooth_red_sandstone b5611fff
minecraft:lime_wool 70b919ff
minecraft:stone_bricks 7a797aff
minecraft:dead_tube_coral_block 827b77ff
minecraft:cyan_terracotta 565b5bff
minecraft:prismarine_bricks 63ab9eff
minecraft:crimson_planks 653046ff
minecraft:mossy_stone_bricks 737969ff
minecraft:dark_oak_planks 422b14ff
minecraft:shroomlight f09246ff
minecraft:granite 956755ff
minecraft:dead_brain_coral_block 7c7572ff
minecraft:gray_concrete 36393dff
minecraft:moss_block 596d2dff
minecraft:gray_terracotta 392a23ff
minecraft:obsidian f0a18ff
minecraft:orange_concrete e06100ff
minecraft:deepslate_lapis_ore 4f5a73ff
minecraft:note_block 583a28ff
minecraft:dead_horn_coral_block 857e7aff
minecraft:cobbled_deepslate 4d4d50ff
minecraft:lime_concrete 5ea818ff
minecraft:rooted_dirt 90674cff
minecraft:emerald_block 2acb57ff
minecraft:purple_concrete 641f9cff
minecraft:sponge c3c04aff
minecraft:light_gray_concrete 7d7d73ff
minecraft:deepslate_coal_ore 4a4a4cff
minecraft:spruce_planks 725430ff
minecraft:blue_terracotta 4a3b5bff
minecraft:deepslate_emerald_ore 4e6857ff
minecraft:packed_ice 8db4faff
minecraft:nether_wart_block 720202ff
minecraft:weathered_cut_copper 6d916bff
minecraft:dripstone_block 866b5cff
minecraft:budding_amethyst 8460baff
minecraft:chiseled_polished_blackstone 353038ff
minecraft:red_concrete 8e2020ff
minecraft:snow_block f9fefeff
minecraft:deepslate_gold_ore 73664eff
minecraft:light_blue_terracotta 716c89ff
minecraft:birch_planks c0af79ff
minecraft:smooth_quartz ece6dfff
minecraft:amethyst_block 8561bfff
minecraft:quartz_bricks eae5ddff
minecraft:yellow_wool f8c527ff
